# final-project

Title: Synastry Calculator 
By: MaryKate McLaughlin

The Journey:
The Synastry Calculator did not achieve every hope that I had wish to complete, however, I am still proud of what I have accomplished this far. CIS 1051 was my first exposure of any kind to coding - I am a freshman and did not do any Computer Science courses/clubs during high school. During the course, I had struggled to keep up with the pace of the class. I would try and try, and eventually when I would figure it out, I never felt more proud of myself,  as silly as that may sound. For the final project, I was stumped as to what I could create on my own. Following lab instructions was one thing, but to be completely on my own was a whole other beast. I felt overwhelmed. So, when I pitched my idea of creating a zodiac compatibility calculator, Professor Rosen suggested I followed the Homepage module, and go through the Web track of CS50 (2019 ver.). After watching the playlist on YouTube, I quickly realized that I had to abandon Python all together - the only programming language I can confidently say I kind of know. Adapting to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, came with its struggles, particularly with the dropdowns, but still I held onto my perserverance which has kept me in class since day one. My Synastry Calculator is not perfect - the JavaScript code is a bit redundant in structure, and I had wished on being able to write more in the blurbs. Nonetheless, I completed the core imagery which I had set upon, and I hope it amuses those who interact with it. Maybe it will even introduce you more to astrology! Hahah. :)
